Perl Conjury - a framework for software product construction
------------------------------------------------------------


The Perl Conjury system is a general purpose software construction
framework. It's an alternative to the venerable make utility, but
since it is written entirely in Perl, its capabilities extend to
functions traditionally implemented using a text preprocessor to
generate Makefile files, i.e. to configure for product variants.

Perl Conjury is a modular framework. The core software is very
general. For example, to compile and link executable programs written
in C or C++, you'll need the Conjury::C module-- bundled separately.

The software is in the early development phase.  All the interfaces
are subject to change in subsequent versions.

To use Perl Conjury, you'll need to install Perl 5.005 (or a more
recent version) on your system.  You'll also need to download the
Digest::MD5 module from the CPAN and install that.

When you're ready, the procedure is straightforward:

	% perl Makefile.PL
	% make
	% make test
	% make install

(Note: at this writing there are no tests to perform.  This will be
fixed before the software is submitted to the CPAN.)

After you've installed it, the documentation is available through the
perldoc interface.  There is no online documentation yet.

	% perldoc Conjury
	% perldoc cast
	% perldoc Conjury::Core

The software is designed to be functional on all the platforms where
Perl can use the 'system' builtin function.  It hasn't been run on any
platforms other than Solaris 2.5.1 and Linux 2.2 yet.

There is no tutorial for Perl Conjury yet, but a moderately complex
example is available.  The author has written a C++ library that uses
Perl Conjury instead of make.  The README and the source tarball can
be found at the following locations:

+ http://www.wetware.com/jhw/src/puck.readme
+ http://www.wetware.com/jhw/src/puck.tar.gz


-----
Copyright 1999, James Woodyatt

The core of Perl Conjury is open source software.  You may modify and
redistribute it, provided you agree to the terms of its BSD-style
license.  See the LICENSE file accompanying the distribution.


--
j h woodyatt <jhw@wetware.com>
last modified: 01 sep 1999
